Hey guys.
Welcome back.
So what we did last time is make it so that the user can show and hide this long form depending on what
they want to do.
So if they want to log in they can log in here if they want to register they can click on this part
down here and it will reveal the rest of form.
Why does forget to do those just one little bit of code that makes it so that when you hover over this
down at the bottom it will change the mouse to a pointer which lets you know you can click click like
this has the momeni hover over it.
I don't see that pointer and this is really simple to do.
We actually did it early on the course but you might remember all you do is go to spallone which is
by here.
And just give it a CSI style of cursor pointer like that.
Okay.
And now when you have over that you'll see the mouse pointer.
That's it.
So copy and paste like I did go back to a C as S. file.
Scroll down to the button.
We have this has a count text span part place that in there save the page and then you see when you
refresh the page or close it down to hover over that part.
Now we get the mouse cursor change to a pointer which lets the user know they can click on it.
So just one quick thing that was just a bit of a usability improvement to make things a little bit clearer
for the user.